.\" Manual page for cubic.
.\" Copyright (C) 2015, 2020, 2024 PJ Singh <psingh.cubic@gmail.com>

.TH cubic 1 "September 1, 2024" "" "Cubic"

.SH NAME
\fBcubic\fR - Custom Ubuntu ISO Creator

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBcubic\fR [-h] [-v] [-V] [directory] [iso]

.SH DESCRIPTION
Cubic (Custom Ubuntu ISO Creator) is a GUI wizard to create a customized Live
ISO image for Ubuntu and Debian based distributions.
.PP
Cubic permits effortless navigation through the ISO customization steps and
features an integrated virtual command line environment to customize the Linux
file system. You can create new customization projects or modify existing
projects. Important parameters are dynamically populated with intelligent
defaults to simplify the customization process.
.PP
See <https://github.com/PJ-Singh-001/Cubic/wiki> for more information.

.SH OPTIONS

\fBdirectory\fR
.RS
directory for a new or existing project
.RE

\fBiso\fR
.RS
original ISO file for a new project (ignored for existing projects)
.RE

\fB-h, --help\fR
.RS
show the help message and exit
.RE

\fB-l, --log\fR
.RS
output a formatted log to a file in the project directory
.RE

\fB-v, --verbose\fR
.RS
output a formatted log to the console
.RE

\fB-V, --version\fR
.RS
print version information and exit
.RE

.SH NOTES
Cubic is a graphical user interface application and should be started using the
application launcher.
.PP
To run Cubic from the command line, use the \fBcubic\fR command; this executable
is located in the /usr/bin directory and should be available in your path. Do
not run cubic using sudo or as root.

.SH BUGS
Report bugs to <https://github.com/PJ-Singh-001/Cubic/issues>.

.SH AUTHOR
PJ Singh <psingh.cubic@gmail.com>
